README.md, before:

# Shimmering Bee: Controller

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shimmeringbee/controller.svg)](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/standard--readme-OK-green.svg)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/actions)

> Implementation of home automation controller (a.k.a hub and gateway), initially focusing on Zigbee devices, written in Go.

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Background

The Shimmering Bee Controller is an implementation of a home automation controller, initially focusing on Zigbee to interact with real world devices.

## Usage

This piece of software is not ready for general use.

## Maintainers

[@pwood](https://github.com/pwood)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/issues/new) or submit PRs.

All Shimmering Bee projects follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://shimmeringbee.io/docs/code_of_conduct/) Code of Conduct.

## License

   Copyright 2019-2020 Shimmering Bee Contributors

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add swagger-ui as an optional http resource.

README.md, after:

# Shimmering Bee: Controller

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shimmeringbee/controller.svg)](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/standard--readme-OK-green.svg)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/actions)

> Implementation of home automation controller (a.k.a hub and gateway), initially focusing on Zigbee devices, written in Go.

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Background

The Shimmering Bee Controller is an implementation of a home automation controller, initially focusing on Zigbee to interact with real world devices.

## Developing

Since adding `swagger-ui` as an embedded component to the webserver, the repository now needs git submodules to be
checked out before you can build.

```
git submodule update
```

## Usage

This piece of software is not ready for general use.

## Maintainers

[@pwood](https://github.com/pwood)

## Contributing

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/shimmeringbee/controller/issues/new) or submit PRs.

All Shimmering Bee projects follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://shimmeringbee.io/docs/code_of_conduct/) Code of Conduct.

## License

   Copyright 2019-2020 Shimmering Bee Contributors

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
